MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Nightscout Professional Server

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER:
This software is provided for informational and educational purposes only.
It is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, 
diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other 
qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical 
condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it 
because of something you have read or accessed through this software.

The authors and contributors of this project are not responsible for any 
health-related decisions made based on the use of this software. Use at your 
own risk.

---

NIGHTSCOUT ATTRIBUTION:
This project uses Nightscout CGM Remote Monitor, which is licensed under AGPL-3.0.
Nightscout project: https://github.com/nightscout/cgm-remote-monitor

This deployment package and associated scripts are provided under MIT License
to allow maximum flexibility for personal and commercial use.
